Core: Remove prometheus metrics for http requests (#1770)
nuts-foundation/nuts-node: docs/pages/deployment/monitoring.rst

* ``process_`` contains OS metrics related to the process
* ``go_`` contains Go metrics related to the process

> * ``http_`` contains metrics related to HTTP calls to the Nuts node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``promhttp_`` contains metrics related to HTTP calls to the Nuts node's ``/metrics`` endpoint
```
